Better explain how to update the tutorials list (#302)
common-workflow-language/user_guide: src/tutorials.md

% https://github.com/common-workflow-language/user_guide/issues/160

> This is a list to tutorials provided by the CWL community. Open a
> [pull request](https://github.com/common-workflow-language/user_guide/)
> if you would like to add another tutorial to the list.

Reviewer: Thanks for bring my attention to this text.

```suggestion
This is a list of tutorials provided by the CWL community. Use the `Edit this page` link in the menu if you would like to add another tutorial to the list.
```

This is more straightforward, than sending readers to the GitHub hosted repository without showing them which file to edit.

FYI: Some communities don't use social coding services like GitHub, so pull requests (or even the patches themselves) are **sent** via email.
